Add loadbalancer log subscription (#657)
ovh/terraform-provider-ovh: website/docs/d/cloud_project_region_loadbalancer_log_subscription.markdown

---
subcategory : "Managed Loadbalancer Log Subscription"
---

# ovh_cloud_project_region_loadbalancer_log_subscription

> Get information about a subscription to a Managed Loadbalance Logs Service in a public cloud project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get information about a subscription to a Managed Loadbalancer Logs Service in a public cloud project.
```

## Example Usage

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```hcl
data "ovh_cloud_project_region_loadbalancer_log_subscription" "sub" {
  service_name = "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
  region_name = "gggg"
  loadbalancer_id = "aaaaaaaa-bbbb-cccc-dddd-eeeeeeeeeeee"
  subscription_id = "zzzzzzzz-yyyy-xxxx-wwww-vvvvvvvvvvvv"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `service_name` - The id of the public cloud project. If omitted, the `OVH_CLOUD_PROJECT_SERVICE` environment variable is used. **Changing this value recreates the resource.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `service_name` - The id of the public cloud project. If omitted, the `OVH_CLOUD_PROJECT_SERVICE` environment variable is used.
```

* `region_name` - A valid OVHcloud public cloud region name in which the loadbalancer is available. Ex.: "GRA11". 
* `loadbalancer_id` - Loadbalancer id to get the logs

> * `subscription` - Subscription id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `subscription_id` - Subscription id
```

Reviewer: 🆙

> * `region_name` - A valid OVHcloud public cloud region name in which the loadbalancer will be available. Ex.: "GRA11". **Changing this value recreates the resource.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `region_name` - A valid OVHcloud public cloud region name in which the loadbalancer is available. Ex.: "GRA11".
```

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `service_name` - The id of the public cloud project.

> * `region_name` - A valid OVHcloud public cloud region name in which the loadbalancer will be available. Ex.: "GRA11". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `region_name` - A valid OVHcloud public cloud region name in which the loadbalancer is available. Ex.: "GRA11". 
```

* `loadbalancer_id` - Loadbalancer id to get the logs
* `stream_id` - Data stream id to use for the subscription

> * `kind` - haproxy

Reviewer: Please put a real description
